REST API endpoint for tokens (#1375)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-1.3.md

Python 3.10 is officially supported by Nautobot now, and we are building and publishing Docker images with Python 3.10 now.

#### REST API Token Provisioning ([#1374](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1374))

> Port over a feature from Netbox 3. Orignal author: jeremystretch

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Port of a feature from NetBox 3 originally authored by Jeremy Stretch.

```

Author: Done.

This release introduces the `/api/users/tokens/` REST API endpoint, which includes a child endpoint that can be employed by a user to provision a new REST API token. This allows a user to gain REST API access without needing to first create a token via the web UI.

```
$ curl -X POST \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Accept: application/json; indent=4" \
https://nautobot/api/users/tokens/provision/ \
--data '{
    "username": "hankhill",
    "password: "I<3C3H8",
}'
```

> If the supplied credentials are valid, NetBox will create and return a new token for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the supplied credentials are valid, Nautobot will create and return a new token for the user.
```

:-)

Author: Done.

- [#885](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/885) - Added the ability to define a `soft_time_limit` and `time_limit` in seconds as attributes of a Job's `Meta`.
- [#1109](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1109) - Added pagination support for GraphQL list queries.
- [#1255](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/1255) - Added Python 3.10 support.

> - [#1374](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1374) - Added REST API Token Provisioning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1374](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1374) - Added REST API Token Provisioning. (Port of [NetBox #6592](https://github.com/netbox-community/netbox/pull/6592) and subsequent fixes)
```

Author: Done.
